DOC-1537/document-incoming-transfer-restrictions-for-limited-accounts… (#549)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/onboarding/account-holders/guide-request-first-transfer.mdx

Thoroughly review [first transfer](./index.mdx#first-transfer) requirements.
:::

:::warning Limited account transfer restrictions
When sending a first transfer to a limited account, be aware of the following restrictions:

- SEPA Credit Transfers exceeding €50 are automatically rejected.
- SEPA Credit Transfers that would cause the account balance to exceed €150 are automatically rejected.
- International Credit Transfers, regardless of their amount, are automatically rejected.

These restrictions apply while the account holder is completing verification and the account remains in `Limited` status.

> Users should send a first SEPA Credit Transfer of €50 or less that won't cause the balance to exceed €150.

Reviewer: Move this point up so they don't miss it. Perhaps - When sending a first transfer to a limited account, users should send.... - this is due to the following restrictions.

1. You email your user, requesting a first transfer. Make sure to:
    - Include the user's Swan IBAN and BIC in the email.
    - Inform the user that transfers from third-party platforms like Lydia or PayPal aren't accepted.

>     - Inform the user that while their account is limited, transfers must be €50 or less and can't cause the balance to exceed €150.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Inform the user that while their account is limited, transfers must be €50 or less, and the balance cannot exceed €150.
```
